CSS::Parser - Base class for CSS stylesheets parsing


INSTALLATION

the following should do the job:

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install

Of course, you may replace make with any other make utility that
you have at hand (eg: dmake, nmake...)

If you wish to install this library in a specified directory
simply begin with
perl Makefile.PL LIB=YOURDIR



DESCRIPTION

CSS::Parser will eat up CSS data and parsed chunks to callbacks.
These callbacks have to be subclasses in order to get anything
interesting out of the parser. The simplest subclass is one that
would simply print out the CSS logical bits that have been found
by the parser and info it has received about them. You should find
an example of this called CSSPrinter in the example dir of this
distribution.

As of now, this parser isn't 100% CCS2 compliant, but it is very
close to the CSS1 specification. That is to say that it should
successfully parse about 99.9% of stylesheets that you are likely
to find on the web, as no browser is yet fully CSS2 compliant either.

The next release (already seriously in the works as of this writing)
will come very much closer to CSS2. Also, other modules will be
provided together with this one so as to already implement the most
useful subclasses. I am currently working on CSS::Expand that given a
stylesheet and an HTML page would return a page in which all tags will
have their style attribute set (a mechanism for a default stylesheet
will be present) and C<CSS::Valid> that will reduce a stylesheet to
its valid part as specified by the CSS2 specification.

These modules may become useful for example for robot writers who want
to skip parts of pages that have a display: none or a
visibility: hide/hidden style attribute set, so as to circumvent cheaters.
An example of this will be included in the next release.

Also, as XML parsing will be done more and more in perl, and as CSS can
be included in XML, it is likely that subclasses will be written to
cooperate with modules in the XML:: hierarchy or with scripts using them.


NOTE

This is alpha software, it is not fit for much yet. Use it at your own risc
and read the provided documentation carefully if you plan on using it. At any
rate, do not trust the interface to stabilise before September.

CONTACT

Robin Berjon
robin@idl-net.com



Copyright (c) Robin Berjon. All Rights Reserved.
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.
